CCIP-022: CityCoins Treasury Redemption (#34)
citycoins/governance: ccips/ccip-022/ccip-022-citycoins-treasury-redemption.md

# CCIP-022

## Preamble

| CCIP Number   | 022                                                  |
| ------------- | ---------------------------------------------------- |
| Title         | CityCoins Treasury Redemption                        |
| Author(s)     | Raphael R. Sierra rapha@fontainebleau-management.com |
|               | Jason Schrader jason@joinfreehold.com                |
| Consideration | Governance                                           |
| Type          | Standard                                             |
| Status        | Draft                                                |
| Created       | 2024-04-23                                           |
| License       | BSD-2-Clause                                         |
| Supplements   | CCIP-020                                             |

## Introduction

With the execution of CCIP-020 Graceful Protocol Shutdown[^1] the functions for mining and stacking CityCoins are disabled.

> Following that change this CCIP proposes a redemption mechanism for MIA and NYC token holders to be fairly compensated by redeeming their CityCoins for a portion of the STX held in the city treasuries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This CCIP proposes a redemption mechanism for MIA and NYC token holders to be fairly compensated by redeeming their CityCoins for a portion of the STX held in the city treasuries.

At the end of the process all CityCoin tokens should be burnt and all STX distributed.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some portion of CityCoins are held in exchanges and it is unclear when and if at all these tokens are redeemed. Therefore, this proposal proposes
* to invest the unclaimed treasury (STX) in a liquid stacking service after a period of 2 Stacks rewards cycles (~ 4 weeks).
* to charge a holding fee for unclaimed redemption.
* to reward users who liquidate earlier with rewards from liquid stacking and holding fees.

```
